well it it everybody knows I
put 11 78 I hope you are well
we meet again today for sugar
is stingy in quingey so get the exo
combination without spending money but
before that a little riddle know
how do you communicate the bees the
response right after so so turn this success
already what I'm going to advise you
is to throw it to two so with a
person you know
because for the little anecdote I
take at least an hour to turn around
these images because I launched in
multi shocks person to connect and
guys do not know how to play
because the map just came out
they still do not know much about it
and it's really a mess not possible
so what am I really going to do you
advise his two shots to 2 then
whoever wants the success radin will do me
strictly nothing in the party so he
will not even light a generator anything from the
everything and so the second player louis
park we will have to make the maximum of
points and to do this the maximum of
points are going to have to turn on them
generators who take the money that
ensures the walls all that species of
small distributors and another
technique that you do not know
maybe you should not know that at the sleeve
one you can put four balls on
a biscuit sound with a knife stab
eat his five balls followed by a
knives and sleeves 3 his six
bullets followed by a knife stab
and all that will really allow you
finally will allow the other player to
earn a lot of money and power
open the doors the fastest
possible and so must know so there
will have three doors to open
whatever path you take
there will be 3 doors the first at 750
points
the second at 1000 points and the
third at 1250 points I cut you
some passage on this video otherwise
she was at least 10 minutes
so guys have rowed before
to open the doors so there you can
to see that
I was opened so this famous
first door which was 750 points on
then finds himself in the room
power plant
and again, there is
parts and whatever is the
whatever the door while
you take it's the same but will not
after there will be a third
so me you as you can see
I stay at 100 his point I do not
absolutely nothing of course you have the
right to shoot if you are in danger
that you will fall to the ground this is
not forbidden but I advise you to
do that in fact so that our two
players simply win a lot
money waiting to arrive to the
end where we open the last doors and
I have the exodus continues his I wanted
thank you because here I have a
video that has just exceeded 10
billion it's true that it can
look a lot and not a lot but
for me it's really huge because
know that I only have 500
subscribers to the passage we can see that they
have to eat the second door
finally g500 I really aaron diderot
saying it smells like the 450
and well here I really wanted you
thank you it's true that I do not have the
mass of subscribers but I make I
a lot of videos that exceeds 1000
see and here it is my first video
which exceeds 10 thousand view so I
I'm really very happy and here we go
I wanted to thank you that makes me
really very pleasure there as you
can see it we arrive in the room
where there is no going on if I do not say
nonsense here accelerated reloading
there they will turn on the generator of
heat is 100 points more
and then there after we arrive near
the room exos exoskeletons and there
my child my friend I do not know I
do not know this guy open the door
he turned on the generator
you can see I'm still at 100
points to show you that I have
Strictly nothing I'm stealing the exodus
combinations and there normally your
success will appear and you see like
you can see it by loving each
you can even arrive at the hall
of exoskeleton 4-6 sleeves wanted to play
very very very well and that will allow you
during the dog's sleeve all
just fingering a punch on
the dogs and they will die
and so here it is, well, it's friends
finished for this video the the answer to the
guess you know how communicates
the bees it was by email that's m
who will understand a tomorrow I make you the
improved video
two level 20 weapons as requested
then it will be Friday so it will be
I have like and of earth and after I you
will certainly make a complete video where
I play so on this zombie mode
maybe with subscribers I do not know
not too much to see
Well, here I go, let's you play 10
to everyone else that at the lease
so